Jessica Adams: Hi. Hi.
Jessica Adams: How are you, I'm good, how are you
Jessica Adams: I'm just tired.
Jessica Adams: Tired.
Richelle Direny: It took you a while to check in.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Jessica Adams: I said 15 minutes or longer.
Jessica Adams: Like so they expected wait time is longer than normal could see up to 30 minutes
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so how it's been a while since I've seen you. So tell me what's new. What's been going on.
Jessica Adams: Um, well, my dad decided that
Jessica Adams: We're going to bury my mom and I saw her that's going to give you some closure.
Richelle Direny: Now you're going to bury her, did you guys cremate her
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Jessica Adams: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you're going to where you get you're going to sprinkle her ashes.
Jessica Adams: We she's he's already got to it, it's kind of, I don't know, it's kind of safety. He my brother paid for Tombstone and had
Jessica Adams: My mom, my dad, my brother's name put on there.
Jessica Adams: And a
Jessica Adams: Lesbian my sister out of the whole thing.
Jessica Adams: You know, which I think was, you know, they should have evolved the whole family, you know,
Jessica Adams: I'm
Jessica Adams: Then I lost my family doctor because he went to Massachusetts to practice.
Jessica Adams: Or
Jessica Adams: I forget what he went to go do but he went to further or just
Jessica Adams: 90 I don't even think further his education but a HE WENT SOMEWHERE TO WHERE HE COULD research and do other stuff, which I didn't have a problem with they gave me a list of doctors for family health care.
Jessica Adams: For legal my blood pressure medicine and stuff.
Jessica Adams: Well, long story short,
Jessica Adams: I went in. See this doctor, she would give me my blood pressure medication. She wouldn't give me nothing. She told me that I could buy
Jessica Adams: Of that Brazil over the counter.
Jessica Adams: I said of this reason why I have insurance. So long story short, um,
Jessica Adams: I found a mental health doctor
Jessica Adams: They're getting me started on some as this week they started me on effects are there certain me on anxiety med within the next couple weeks so
Jessica Adams: They said that my blood pressure was way too high.
Jessica Adams: I have never had high blood pressure, ever. Never. I've always had like me like low rate, blood pressure, so
Jessica Adams: My blood pressure was 199 over 88 when I went to see the factor.
Jessica Adams: The new is supposed to be the mental health actor
Jessica Adams: Anyways,
Jessica Adams: So, and then my Dad's going to release all my mom's medical history.
Jessica Adams: I found out that
Jessica Adams: He
Jessica Adams: That she'd had a heart set done
Jessica Adams: September before she passed away.
Jessica Adams: And he never told me or my sister that
Oh really,
Richelle Direny: He had shut off a sense
Jessica Adams: Yeah, heart set done of the sep tember the month of sep tember before she passed away.
Richelle Direny: Well, wow.
Jessica Adams: But any kind of needs to let us know these things because a lot of this stuff is hereditary
Jessica Adams: You know,
Jessica Adams: And my son's like wondering, you know, whoa, what kind of medical growlers a did my grandma have Baba and
Jessica Adams: I can't tell him because i i don't know because my dad WON'T TELL ME SO HE AGREES just
Jessica Adams: Like
Richelle Direny: family medical history that you guys are completely unaware of.
Jessica Adams: Right. So my dad is going to science and medical history for my doctor and then we're going to go from there. Like, she's gonna, you know,
Jessica Adams: Let me know what's what. So that way I can keep my son warm and I can. I mean, I don't really talk to my sister that much, but she needs to know as well to push. She's got a daughter, that is diabetic right now and in over be obese.
Jessica Adams: And she's only, not even 15
Jessica Adams: Oh wow, and she's living in a group home.
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: I mean, I just don't want to see the end up
Jessica Adams: In the same position as my mom, you know, maybe
Jessica Adams: There could have been something done to help though the whole situation.
Jessica Adams: My dad's like, oh boy. Your mom had a clean bill of health, well obviously she didn't if she had ever harvested in September.
Jessica Adams: Um,
Richelle Direny: It seems like it was a lot like her dad comes from you guys.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, but
Jessica Adams: You know another thing on top of it is this stuff was my brother, like, you know, he knows it, but he doesn't say anything, but I don't talk to my brother because of our
Richelle Direny: Much I have two brothers.
Jessica Adams: I have a brother or an older sister.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so your brother is the one that you don't talk to. Right.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Jessica Adams: You know, never see him again ever
Richelle Direny: But he was something that happened, and you would you started to drive up to another state to see him. He had gotten in an accident or was it your dad.
Jessica Adams: No, that was my brother and I did. I did. I did end up only because I just, I could it
Jessica Adams: I mean, he's back on the road is up now. I mean, he's recovered is so but i just i can ever. I mean, who can do that to their sisters. I mean,
Jessica Adams: It does hurt.
Jessica Adams: I mean, my dad says he got that he paid for my blog there, which I don't even know if I want to be buried there, you know, like I just feel so much disrespect.
Richelle Direny: Let me ask, let me ask you a question. I'm Jessica um what what transpired why you weren't in um
Richelle Direny: You were at lead, you're still living in the shelter.
Jessica Adams: Know I let
Jessica Adams: Me play so
Richelle Direny: So what happened while you were living in a shelter.
Jessica Adams: I'm
Jessica Adams: The guy that I was with
Jessica Adams: His family.
Jessica Adams: Let's just went this way. The girl was are physically abusive towards like verbally and physically abusive.
Richelle Direny: Towards you
Yeah.
Jessica Adams: He is this was not that so much hit. They just can't be around that. I mean, I, I've grown up with a dump of use it. I have panic attacks as it is.
Jessica Adams: So, I mean, I was able to keep my Metro. So I just figured, you know what, I'm just
Jessica Adams: Although I'll go get, you know, I'll just, I'll go the shoulder. My son was able to come with me.
Jessica Adams: But, uh,
Richelle Direny: You said he was shelter with you.
Jessica Adams: Yeah yeah yeah
Jessica Adams: He has he is a major know I'm very, very proud of a sudden
Jessica Adams: He is so School of, you know, he had he had his own place. You know, so
Jessica Adams: My son is as grown a lot, you know, and I hope he still to this day. I'm not, you know, ever gonna let it go hungry. I've never got a buddy be. Whoa.
Jessica Adams: Oh,
Jessica Adams: I just I treat we started to completely different.
Jessica Adams: Than what my parents treated me
Jessica Adams: I just
Jessica Adams: Wish that
Jessica Adams: My dad would snap whatever mood or whatever he thinks that he's doing it.
Jessica Adams: Because it's not healthy. Like, I mean,
Jessica Adams: I know I don't get the fact of why
Jessica Adams: He would do that to be a baby sister.
Richelle Direny: Your about your mother and
Jessica Adams: The grave stuff maybe why is my brother, or they're
Jessica Adams: In my dad and my mom but not being a sister me
Richelle Direny: But you, but then it's but but this is not unfamiliar territory, because you know your dad has kind of been somewhat wishy washy in kind of what he does. Like one minute. He's with you in another minute. He's not so it's kind of always been a roller coaster ride with you and you're not
Jessica Adams: Right, but I'd be that that still can ever be changed. Maybe that's not even what by Bob, would it
Jessica Adams: You know, so I
Jessica Adams: I don't know, like I I filled out you know power of attorney words, as I've been. I haven't done anything wasn't yet.
Jessica Adams: Maybe I'm not saying that that's going to happen to me because I you know I don't feel that there is, but I don't want
Jessica Adams: My dad and my business. You know, I want my sort of a, this is a tribute
Jessica Adams: You know, say I just feel that that that should only be fair. You know what I mean.
Jessica Adams: Uh huh. And
Jessica Adams: Are they happy with it probably right. Or they don't accept it. They're gonna have to eventually it's my choice.
Jessica Adams: But I
Richelle Direny: So things have gotten better overall with you and your son, the relationship
Jessica Adams: Oh yeah, completely
Jessica Adams: Girlfriend that
Jessica Adams: The charges were pressed on
Jessica Adams: The tour de said that if I didn't go that they were dropped them.
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: I really didn't want the charges pressed to begin with. I never press. That's where I tried you know to explain to buy some
Jessica Adams: And he, I don't think he believed me at first.
Jessica Adams: Until be in him with both with down to talk to the lady and
Jessica Adams: They told me they were like, yeah, she didn't she didn't know. So, you know, the state packed up because there were supposed injuries. So
Jessica Adams: Bottom line is, is I didn't go to the
Jessica Adams: Court Hearing
Jessica Adams: So they dropped it they dismissed it i mean
Richelle Direny: I didn't. You didn't go to the Court.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, I mean I didn't want to see my son, unhappy, you know, in a lead and that would have just made him more miserable.
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: I just kind of like left it at that. You know what I mean.
Jessica Adams: And he apologized to be she apologized to me, you know, we spent we do spend some time together. Let me right now. I mean,
Jessica Adams: We have all time to the world to spend the other you know nobody believes their role is really where we're at our county is on black now.
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: We're not allowed to go anywhere. It's so everybody was out
Jessica Adams: It started out of 59 last night.
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: I mean, it's just
Jessica Adams: This whole Rona virus. A yo and
Jessica Adams: It's just
Jessica Adams: But my dad. You really don't call me that much anymore.
Jessica Adams: I had to call him and ask him for the medical information for my mom.
Jessica Adams: And he did sign the release forms and he's going
Jessica Adams: To the doctors are actually going to fax them to the mental health back
Jessica Adams: Oh,
Jessica Adams: And then I had to find that other family physician because like I said, the one that I had to want to you and prescribing have a members all from the Harper so oh
Jessica Adams: I mean I have nerve damage in my leg in my knee so I'm you know
Jessica Adams: I mean, I'm on certain medications for certain reasons and about blood pressure medication. So I had to go to urgent care to get that stuff.
Jessica Adams: Taken care of in till they find me aid other primary care doctor so
Jessica Adams: Yeah, so I mean it's been up and down. But things have gotten better.
Jessica Adams: I mean, a little bit. I mean, I'm still having some pages of
Jessica Adams: My stitches are still in underneath my left arm.
Jessica Adams: Because they're so big gaping hole.
Jessica Adams: I had to go back and see the surgeon to Columbus in April, as long as EVERYTHING'S UNDER you know the 40s lifted and stuff.
Jessica Adams: So I the I made it through a lot. I came through you a lot.
Jessica Adams: It's just
Jessica Adams: MAYBE GET HARDER TIME.
Richelle Direny: It gets hard at times.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, does. I mean, but I, I try to find
Jessica Adams: Your sober support people that I can talk to you or
Jessica Adams: Color drum. Right.
Jessica Adams: All TRYING TO SEE IF I GET AHOLD OF MY SON.
Jessica Adams: I mean, he's just literally right around the corner from me so
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Also your son doesn't physically live
Jessica Adams: With yeah he you
Jessica Adams: Know he
Jessica Adams: He got a job. He got a promotion. His job is, you know, so I mean
Jessica Adams: He's still you know do his own stuff is sort working and everything goes so I just, you know, when I can't say no you know he's 18
Jessica Adams: So I told him, I said, you know, that's fine. I said, but you know, you always have to come back to if it doesn't work out, you know,
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: But he he messages me every day. I mean, we talk every day.
Jessica Adams: Best kid. I mean, you know, for me, having the past that I had. He, he's a really good kid turned out really good. And we're really thankful and surprise.
Richelle Direny: For me for your son and his just kind of how he's been responding
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's good that you're bridging that you're bridging the gap. I mean, I think overall when it comes on to your dad. I think that's just like a slow you know process for you. There's, it's, it's very touching goal where that's concerned.
Richelle Direny: Right, watching go because you know he's always going to do things that are it's going to hit you.
To the core
Jessica Adams: Know there's. All right.
Richelle Direny: There's always going to be
Jessica Adams: Is it a reference for me for offline data certain
Jessica Adams: Like data know my wife, my is
Jessica Adams: Is it okay to turn the camera off or no.
Jessica Adams: The video. Yeah, just the video. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So as I was saying. Um, it's, it's, I think it's just touching go when it comes on to your, to your dad.
Richelle Direny: Do you know it's always going to be like an up and down the relationship between your and your dad.
Richelle Direny: Because over the, over the years, and now get. So how do you. Well, let me ask you this. How do you feel about, um, now that he's gotten he's getting ready now to
Richelle Direny: He's getting ready to to bury you or do something with the ashes.
Jessica Adams: Um, I mean he's told me that he's gonna do something about it. I just fear that he is going to include the whole entire family. And he's going to do what he wants to do and how he wants to do it, which I understand that that's his wife.
Jessica Adams: But
Jessica Adams: Maybe
Jessica Adams: The same time maybe
Jessica Adams: She had children. She had three children she you know
Jessica Adams: It is just all about ahead even maybe like, that was my arm like
Jessica Adams: I don't know how to
Jessica Adams: In
Jessica Adams: The mental health doctor that I that I've already that was once she asked me if I ever thought about having like
Jessica Adams: A counseling session was in
Jessica Adams: Like
Your
Jessica Adams: Yeah, I found a doctor.
What did he
Richelle Direny: Would he be open to that.
Jessica Adams: I don't know where that is, they're going to call them, they're going to call them fine now. I'm not because I was do that.
Jessica Adams: So they're gonna find out to see if he's open to, you know, an open session.
Jessica Adams: To let him know how
Jessica Adams: I feel about the whole thing. Yes. Why, you know, just to get some stuff off my chest.
Jessica Adams: Is, you know, for him as well to
Jessica Adams: I mean I'm not saying like right away you know it's it's gonna take time. Because, you know, I want to make sure I say everything that I want to say.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Adams: To aim, so that way. I'm not holding back no regrets or anything like that.
Jessica Adams: I just don't understand you. Like I said about the
Jessica Adams: You know, why is he, you know, on the brother pick everything. Why is he giving everything to my brother. You know what I mean, like, that was ever that was ever. My dad before
Jessica Adams: You know, and he's already signed the house over to my brother. If anything happens to lead.
Jessica Adams: It is just
Jessica Adams: You know, and it's not about it. He is that it's about
Jessica Adams: He treats. My brother like he's this guy or he's up here of this high mounted in he treats me away, sister, like, We're nothing
Jessica Adams: You know, so I just it, it kind of makes us wonder
Richelle Direny: Um, I know that. Not that I know um
Richelle Direny: How is the relationship with your sister and your father.
Jessica Adams: They don't go, they don't talk at all.
Jessica Adams: Because my sister has been
Jessica Adams: molested her children and
Jessica Adams: That's this is what my sister was telling everybody but um
Jessica Adams: If that was a case you he would have already been to jail because this was like
Jessica Adams: A couple years ago.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Adams: One of our other family members children got the same thing done yet, though, there's a case opened up on that in the she could lose her kids at any given time, you know, so we don't know what to believe about my sister.
Richelle Direny: Um, so you don't really
Richelle Direny: Sure, if
Jessica Adams: You
Jessica Adams: Talk to her, but I don't
Jessica Adams: I don't believe everything that
Jessica Adams: She's
Not
Jessica Adams: Because I need it you know she's got addictive personalities as well.
Jessica Adams: So I really don't go down and stay with them.
Jessica Adams: Like issue was to me out public is go to dinner or something. That's fine.
Jessica Adams: But I really don't hang out with her.
Jessica Adams: I mean I'll watch her kids for her. She's got a work, but I'm gone right after that.
Jessica Adams: I don't want any extra
Jessica Adams: added stress and what I need.
Richelle Direny: That's fair name.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You said you did sure that you have a family history of mental illness. Right.
Yeah.
Jessica Adams: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: But it sounds like there is some degree on your part. And I think we've discussed this in the past, but there's some degree of codependency maybe with your dad like you and your dad.
Richelle Direny: It's like you're some degree of acceptance from him and
Richelle Direny: His awareness of that codependency maybe there's a codependency on both your parts.
Right.
Jessica Adams: It. Yeah, I mean it.
Jessica Adams: Like I just
Jessica Adams: Don't know what to think about the whole situation with my brother. I got
Jessica Adams: My six up worrying my you don't believe me.
Jessica Adams: Why, he didn't let everybody pick everything and he just let my brother do it you know
Jessica Adams: I just, it's
Jessica Adams: I don't think it was really fair, honestly.
Jessica Adams: But
Jessica Adams: So,
I mean, I mean,
Jessica Adams: The word accepted but
Jessica Adams: And I'm just gonna let my son.
Jessica Adams: Take care of myself.
Richelle Direny: You said that you said that you just, um, I think part of it is, it's that human. I think you and I spoke about this before. There's a sense of belonging that you know you feel like you don't
Richelle Direny: Necessarily long and you're looking for that either from your father or for through your Son. And each time you know you don't feel those those expectations are being met by any one of your family members it you know
Jessica Adams: Where I
Richelle Direny: See me so it feel discouraging and you feel like
Richelle Direny: On right so you try to seek that attention by any means, you don't necessarily and I think especially when it comes on to your dad because he talks about having a pretty close relationship with your mom.
Richelle Direny: And being that your mom is no longer around you seek it from your dad. But then your dad.
Richelle Direny: You know, whatever the relationship is between
Richelle Direny: Him and your brother, maybe there is some degree of codependency there. And so you're kind of fighting for that.
Richelle Direny: Attention from your dad's was kind of like your you and your brother is fighting for that attention, but somehow based on what you're seeing your, your brother gets it more often more from your dad.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's like a region in terms of what's going on between you, your sister and your brother and your dad.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, pretty much.
Jessica Adams: Um, you know, just like my, my sister, you know,
Jessica Adams: She tried to message. My dad something though, I think it was happy birthday or something. And he was like, yeah, don't message me don't work okay by any blocker. You know, so that's the type of responses. My sister. Can you know
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: He's, he's pretty frustrated and bad at my sister.
Jessica Adams: Because he thinks that the time that my sister had spent with my mom.
Jessica Adams: When she had moved. He got away from her husband that my dad, could my dad thinks that he could have been at home with my mom is sort of my sister being having my mom down there at her house, but it. I mean, my mom was the one that chose to pay for the deposit and stuff that my dad.
Jessica Adams: You know I'm in chose to go down there and stay with my sister and my dad. Oh, wow. That is so you know it's not really invasive response, either.
Jessica Adams: So I just kind of look at it like you know maybe things will change and get better. And if they don't, they don't. But in the end I have to remember that I am
Jessica Adams: Struggling with my own issues right now and I mean I can't get myself in the middle of my brother and my sisters
Jessica Adams: You know, they have to fight their, you know,
Jessica Adams: Own
Jessica Adams: Own issues.
Jessica Adams: I just
Jessica Adams: Don't know.
Jessica Adams: I don't. My mom wouldn't want to see that the lifeless in the way that it's falling apart. I mean, in my event just passed away two
Jessica Adams: So, but, you know, it's just a very sad, you know,
Jessica Adams: Situation right now and
Jessica Adams: I just, you know, I would do anything to bring my love back
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And what then okay but for a moment in your, your mind and in everything, because I know in Italy when we were meeting you talks about
Richelle Direny: You know, your mom is no longer suffering and even though you've missed her physically but you know that she's no longer suffering. But the question is,
Jessica Adams: When you
That
Richelle Direny: You know, you will do anything to bring her back now.
Richelle Direny: I want you to kind of express like in your thoughts in your mind. Like, what does that mean for you right now.
Richelle Direny: Is it she'll just come kind of fulfill that sense of belonging that you desire from your family that you're not getting like what is that to bring her back is to fulfill what need for you right now.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, I'm pretty sure that that's what it is.
Jessica Adams: Like it would, you know, I mean, I don't feel like our families complete it all, you know, and it is we're missing a big huge piece of it, but the part that we're missing is
Jessica Adams: The part that out everybody together.
Richelle Direny: With you regarding your mom.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I mean it is a big part that is missing. Um, but, again, going back to what we talked about it. I think it's, you know, working through your own grief and loss and in
Richelle Direny: After your mom passed away. You never did to have grief counseling. Did you
Jessica Adams: Know,
Jessica Adams: Yeah, they offer it up here at the hospital, though, and I just live right up the road from the hospital.
Richelle Direny: Okay so ever. You ever thought about going to one of the sessions.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I would encourage you to go to one of the session
Richelle Direny: The grief counseling, because I think it will just kind of help you
Richelle Direny: You know, even as you're getting ready because if your dad is seeing like towards the summer.
Richelle Direny: He wants to do a little memorial for
Richelle Direny: That will help you leading up to that moment just kind of process those feelings that you still have, you know, that sense of loss and like you said it was kind of she was like the glue that held the family together but grant
Richelle Direny: Was the, the blue based on what you shared there is some distortion invented glue where there were things that was happening within that family that was breaking the family apart. And so through that it started relationship. I mean, it's still function.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Talks about still having some degree of resentment towards your mom, even as it's related to your brother and
Richelle Direny: So,
Jessica Adams: It is like right
Richelle Direny: You know, it's kind of like trying to pick all of that apart because it was it was a distorted relationship based on what you share
Jessica Adams: Right.
Richelle Direny: But then you're still saying that morning. It's still function. So the question is, how long has this been a relationship been distorted and
Richelle Direny: At what point did some part of you came into acceptance of what was going on in the family, even though you knew it was wrong, you still just came to acceptance and just somewhat started depending on her emotionally
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: I mean, I could tell if the end that you know she wasn't doing good, and saw it. I mean,
Jessica Adams: I tried to accept it, but I couldn't eat down because I do that that was
It.
Jessica Adams: No, no, I just
Jessica Adams: You know, I wake up to go to color every morning. She's up there I go to tell her. Good night. She's out there you know what me and my dad barely is
Jessica Adams: I texted, or his birthday. Happy birthday, I call it that way. That birthday, and he's like, oh, okay. I think I call you back, and he never probably that that might
Richelle Direny: So you have certain expectations for each member of your family.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Richelle Direny: You're in an expectation sometimes can
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of put us in
Richelle Direny: This
Richelle Direny: Emotional downward spiral because we expect
Jessica Adams: Our way respond to us a certain way.
Richelle Direny: We expect them to meet particular needs or we expected them to even know that you don't emotionally and destroy emotionally. I'm not in a good place. Mentally another place and you want them to meet that need. And that's kind of what you're doing with your dad.
Richelle Direny: While he has his
Richelle Direny: Own things going on, emotionally and mentally you expect him to meet those needs for you, but he's in a different place.
Richelle Direny: So, and I think that the having a session with him. I think will be beneficial because then you could hear what he's thinking and feeling
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Because when you when you, when we have these expectations that we create in our minds.
Richelle Direny: Um, you also put time limit on them.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so, okay, I expect my dad to understand that you know I would. I want to be more involved in his life. I want to be involved in everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: And I'm going to give him X amount of time and when he doesn't meet those needs needs that he didn't know or those expectations that he didn't know he had to meet or what he had to do then for you.
Jessica Adams: Your
Richelle Direny: Family and mentally destruct because he didn't meet these
Richelle Direny: Expectations are these requirements that you need.
Jessica Adams: Them to work.
Right.
Jessica Adams: Right, yeah.
Jessica Adams: I mean I guess I understand their
Richelle Direny: Look for more from your dad. I mean, I think that there's some degree of it that you seek out from your son, but I think
Richelle Direny: I think you know more
Jessica Adams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Out of it on your dad and your son because you fear losing the relationship with your son.
Jessica Adams: Right. Oh yeah, definitely.
Jessica Adams: I mean, I mean, we get along better now than we have ever before.
Jessica Adams: And you want it. You know, I hope team.
Jessica Adams: I mean, you know, yeah, I don't want anything jeopardizing that
Richelle Direny: So you feel more comfortable, kind of going head to head with your dad you feel more comfortable because
Richelle Direny: You feel like you know what he's obligated to some degree. So you don't feel like you're going to ruin it or you're going to jeopardize you just I think because of
Richelle Direny: The up and down that you guys have had in the relationship you know he'll be mad with you today. But then he'll be fine tomorrow. And then he'll come back around.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: It then based on the
Richelle Direny: High
Jessica Adams: One was mad at me, you know, for most before you know and i just i get that killed me. You know what I mean. Exactly.
Richelle Direny: And I think it has more of an impact on you when your son does it to you in comparisons. If your dad does it to you.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: Sure, yeah.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You see, psychologically, we put different labels and we have certain expectations of different people.
Richelle Direny: So you so somehow
Richelle Direny: Yeah point in life you categorize the everyone in your life and everyone in you you expert you expected, everyone in your life that you categorize they have certain responsibilities.
Richelle Direny: That you've put on them that they didn't know they had. And so each time that each of them fail to meet those
Name.
Richelle Direny: It puts you in more of a mental mental fatigue.
Richelle Direny: Ultimately, put you in mentor.
Jessica Adams: I yeah
Jessica Adams: Definitely
Richelle Direny: Go ahead and
Jessica Adams: Type in there.
Jessica Adams: I said, I've already been there.
Richelle Direny: So you see how emotions trigger a thought that triggers or behavior.
Jessica Adams: Yeah, oh yeah yeah but Italy.
Jessica Adams: Me, you know,
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Jessica Adams: Every song is even told me you know
Jessica Adams: That first is
Jessica Adams: That he's had you know and like he doesn't, you know, feel like I was gonna be anything that I would ever remember being abandoned him ever again.
Jessica Adams: Because I, I've got my, you know, I'm working on me and doing what I need to do. I hope have
Jessica Adams: You know, so he sees me a try.
Jessica Adams: And it makes him happy. I mean, it makes his girlfriend. Happy to even though you know there was a part incident that we had
Jessica Adams: But I mean, I'm gonna have to learn to get along with her, or at least respect my son's wishes, if they if they want to be together.
Richelle Direny: But then, do you see how much of yourself.
Richelle Direny: And whatever as moral values you have for yourself and whatever standards, you have whatever little centers, you have for yourself. Do you see how you're willing to forgo all of that, just to make him happy.
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But do you notice how
Jessica Adams: Unhappy we
Richelle Direny: Are in doing that.
Jessica Adams: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: Notice how unhappy.
Richelle Direny: I said, I'll do you notice how unhappy. You're really truly making yourself, just to make him happy because the end there's nothing, there's nothing really that you can do to ever really pleased him. How did your son.
Jessica Adams: Just turned 18
Richelle Direny: Okay, he's. I mean, he's at that stage, there's nothing that you're ever going to do to please him kids at that age. THEY WANT WANT WANT WANT WANT WANT WANT.
Richelle Direny: They don't really care about anybody else but themselves. They're, they're naturally selfish beings, everything is all about me. The world is
Richelle Direny: Me and I figured out everything. And so when to play into that. I mean, it's not really doing any good. He will come around to
Jessica Adams: Our end
Richelle Direny: That you know life is not how he's created his mind.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Jessica Adams: Yeah, that's why I kind of figured because, I mean,
Jessica Adams: You know, he was like, I mean,
Jessica Adams: It's always monkey. Take me to the store monkey.
Jessica Adams: Monkey. And you know, I, I've been told, You know, I put my foot down on something, you know, in
Richelle Direny: But because he knows his happiness is your ultimate priority as children again, they're very selfish individuals by nature. They're very
Jessica Adams: Say, not to teach them to be unselfish and to be kind.
Richelle Direny: Granted, he has
Richelle Direny: Ever
Richelle Direny: Because he knows that his happiness is your number one priority. And you will do anything to make him happy. He's also going to play up on your emotions.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: Okay, yeah, make sense.
Richelle Direny: He's not always play upon your emotion. So when you want to put your foot down and you think in the moment you are. He knows that that's not going to last because he knows you're you're here. Happiness is your number one priority.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Jessica Adams: I never thought of it that way.
Richelle Direny: But I think, again, it comes down to what we've always talked about
Richelle Direny: Before we've taken this hiatus.
Richelle Direny: You have to work on you. First, like you. You can't be there for your son emotionally or mentally or really teach them a whole lot because you're still trying to figure things out yourself. You're trying to get yourself, Steve.
Right.
Jessica Adams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Jessica Adams: What happened or
Richelle Direny: What are some things that you do to help you when you're feeling rule now.
Jessica Adams: I color or go for a walker.
Jessica Adams: And really good friends.
Jessica Adams: Know,
Jessica Adams: When I met
Jessica Adams: She
Jessica Adams: Don't want to say like when it out to me that were like, to me,
Jessica Adams: She was pointing out like
Jessica Adams: Small things that I was like, I mean nothing bad but like
Jessica Adams: Hey, you just let this person walk off with a brand new, let's say,
Jessica Adams: Out there. So the price tag on it. You just got yesterday. Why would you use something like that, you know,
Jessica Adams: So I've been around her. I mean a whole lot just, you know, just kind of like as a
Jessica Adams: female friend.
Jessica Adams: Which is something that I haven't had had it a really long time somebody that's honest with the Intel's the the truth about myself.
Jessica Adams: You know, or I'll call her war. I'll go the ice cream or I just
Jessica Adams: I mean, I just, I tried to create
Jessica Adams: Or
Jessica Adams: Something that's going to help me, you know, relax.
Richelle Direny: What do you find what do you, what is the most recent thing you've done to help me to relax.
Jessica Adams: I color and the adult coloring books like The
Jessica Adams: So I'm I will have
Jessica Adams: Say quoted saying the
Jessica Adams: Solo boom arm. It just depends. Like, what type of food. I bet.
Richelle Direny: You said it just depends on what
Jessica Adams: On what type of good. I've been like if I'm in it. Like if I'm in a bad mood, like all trying to find my deposit color to what the brain.
Jessica Adams: If I
Jessica Adams: Depressed. I will try to go for a walk or something to try to clear my head that just, you know, sit here and think, well, what if
Jessica Adams: I go like, you know, small stores downtown and look so i mean you know I there's, I am a lot more closer to places that have where I was at the other place that I was living
Jessica Adams: So,
Jessica Adams: I mean, like, I'm a, I'm a walk closer like to, there's a park.
Jessica Adams: There's
Jessica Adams: All kinds of stuff.
Jessica Adams: So,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I would think I would say I would recommend that you take one thing that you do daily routine that you really enjoy and that you find that he kind of gives you, it decreases your anxiety.
Jessica Adams: Or just even like a no.
Richelle Direny: Loans. So what are taking a walk. I would recommend that you do that on daily something that you do daily for maybe 10 to 15 minutes you just start off with real like you know 10 to 15 minutes and then, um, you know,
Richelle Direny: Right, naturally, you know, depending on how you're feeling
Richelle Direny: You do.
Richelle Direny: More
Jessica Adams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Just come to me and 30 group or the 12 O'clock rule.
Jessica Adams: As
Jessica Adams: I do today's group.
Jessica Adams: I'm
Jessica Adams: I'm in there at like
Jessica Adams: 1030 1030 yeah
Richelle Direny: And you go, a weekly right
Jessica Adams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: All right, this is what we're going to do. Let's schedule your next of scheduling your next session. The sixth at 8pm
Jessica Adams: APRIL six.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'll send you a reminder listen when I said, did you get my reminder today.
Jessica Adams: But my phone. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Whenever I send them to you. Just, just tell me to confirm
Richelle Direny: And in the text telling people to please confirm
Richelle Direny: So I don't know or so I just sent you for the sixth at eight o'clock, so I'll send you a reminder of it. Okay.
Jessica Adams: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And then let's see. You go to groups on to. So if you if you're not able to meet in the morning for your group your Tuesday group they there is a number of groups. There's 1030 a 12 or 130 and then I have an eight o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so just, you know, just be mindful that there are different times. I know you have your regular time that you go, but you can always jump into another because Dr. James and has quite a number of groups that name.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so I would like you to really just for our next session on the six when we meet me talk again and like it like what you were doing in the past because we had a long hiatus. I know you were in a shelter for a while, but, um, you know, if you're not going to be
Richelle Direny: Just send me a message, the message that I sent you today. That's the
Jessica Adams: That's the number of it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's the one that you can always send me a message on
Jessica Adams: OK. OK. All right.
Jessica Adams: OK.
Richelle Direny: I will see you
Richelle Direny: On the six and I'll send you a reminder. Okay.
Jessica Adams: Okay, thank you very much, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: You're Welcome. Have a good evening. Jessica and stay safe. Okay.
Jessica Adams: You too. Thank you.
Jessica Adams: Bye.